Update README.md (#25067)
space-wizards/space-station-14: README.md

## Contributing

We are happy to accept contributions from anybody. Get in Discord if you want to help. We've got a [list of issues](https://github.com/space-wizards/space-station-14-content/issues) that need to be done and anybody can pick them up. Don't be afraid to ask for help either!  

> You should also generally follow the [contribution guidelines](https://docs.spacestation14.com/en/general-development/codebase-info/pull-request-guidelines.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just make sure your changes and pull requests are in accordance with the [contribution guidelines](https://docs.spacestation14.com/en/general-development/codebase-info/pull-request-guidelines.html).
```
feels better to word it as more of a statement rather than a suggestion.
